README.md, before:

# Rocksmith+ Tools

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools?color=ee8449&style=flat-square)](#contributors)

A set of tools for Rocksmith+

## Getting Started

This project contains [Development Containers](https://containers.dev/) definitions and is intended to be worked on using development containers. This ensures you have all the tools needed to build and run these tools available in the development environment. 

Develoment Containers can be run both locally or via GitHub Codespaces.

## Running in CodeSpaces

1. [Fork the repository](https://github.com/NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools/fork) to your GitHub account.
1. Click the green **Code** dropdown button.
1. Select the **Codespaces** tab.
1. Click the green **Create codespace on main** button.

## Running Locally

1. Ensure your system meets the [requirements](#requirements).
1. Ensure Docker for Desktop is running.
1. Clone the repository: `git clone git@github.com:NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools.git`.
1. Change directory into the cloned repository `cd rocksmith-plus-tools`.
1. Open the project in VSCode `code-insiders .` or `code .` depending on what version you chose to install.
1. When prompted, select the **Reopen in Container** option.

<p align="center">
<img width="300px" src="https://github.com/NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools/blob/main/docs/reopen-in-container.dialog.png?raw=true" />
</p>

### Requirements
1. Install [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/)
1. Install [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/), the [Insiders Edition](https://code.visualstudio.com/insiders) is highly recommended.
1. Install [Dev Containers](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers) extension for VSCode

## Contributing

Want to contribute? Check out our [Code of Conduct](./docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and [Contributing](./docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) docs. This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

There are many topics yet to be covered by this set of koans. I have added a handful of needed topics as [issues](https://github.com/NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools/issues) and tagged them as [Up for Grabs](https://github.com/NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Up+for+Grabs%22). There are even some specifically tagged as [Beginner Friendly](https://github.com/NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Beginner+Friendly%22).

If you have never contributed to an open source project, let those be your first. I promise to work with you to get your contribution into the repository and be friendly and encouraging about it. It is what Jim would have done.

If you think a topic is missing, propose it's inclusion by [submitting an issue](https://github.com/NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools/issues/new) yourself. Or better yet submit the issue and an accompanying pull request with how you think the topic should be introduced. Think about beginners in your effort; be clear and informative, be concise and most of all be playful with your examples.

## Contributors

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://iamnotmyself.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/73120?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Bobby Johnson"/><br /><sub><b>Bobby Johnson</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#code-NotMyself" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#doc-NotMyself" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

update readme to document npm scripts

README.md, after:

# Rocksmith+ Tools

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools?color=ee8449&style=flat-square)](#contributors)

A set of tools for Rocksmith+

## Getting Started

This project contains [Development Containers](https://containers.dev/) definitions and is intended to be worked on using development containers. This ensures you have all the tools needed to build and run these tools available in the development environment. 

Develoment Containers can be run both [locally](#running-locally) or via [GitHub Codespaces](#running-in-codespaces).

### NPM Scripts

Currently, the tools are run via npm scripts. The following table lists the available commands.

| Command | Debug Menu | Purpose |
|---|---|---|
|npm run data:clean| N/A | removes the `./data` and `./logs` directories|
| npm run data:refresh | Refresh Data | Fetches a list of genres and all associated songs. Then writes them to the `./data` directory. |

**Note:** Direct CLI commands can be run in the container using the VSCode by hitting **CMD+`** to bring up the terminal.

**Note:** The code can be run in a debugger, but selecting the debug menu name from the Run and Debug menu in VSCode.

## Running in CodeSpaces

1. [Fork the repository](https://github.com/NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools/fork) to your GitHub account.
1. Click the green **Code** dropdown button.
1. Select the **Codespaces** tab.
1. Click the green **Create codespace on main** button.

## Running Locally

1. Ensure your system meets the [requirements](#requirements).
1. Ensure Docker for Desktop is running.
1. Clone the repository: `git clone git@github.com:NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools.git`.
1. Change directory into the cloned repository `cd rocksmith-plus-tools`.
1. Open the project in VSCode `code-insiders .` or `code .` depending on what version you chose to install.
1. When prompted, select the **Reopen in Container** option.

<p align="center">
<img width="300px" src="https://github.com/NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools/blob/main/docs/reopen-in-container.dialog.png?raw=true" />
</p>

### Requirements
1. Install [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/)
1. Install [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/), the [Insiders Edition](https://code.visualstudio.com/insiders) is highly recommended.
1. Install [Dev Containers](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers) extension for VSCode

## Contributing

Want to contribute? Check out our [Code of Conduct](./docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and [Contributing](./docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) docs. This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

There are many topics yet to be covered by this set of koans. I have added a handful of needed topics as [issues](https://github.com/NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools/issues) and tagged them as [Up for Grabs](https://github.com/NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Up+for+Grabs%22). There are even some specifically tagged as [Beginner Friendly](https://github.com/NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Beginner+Friendly%22).

If you have never contributed to an open source project, let those be your first. I promise to work with you to get your contribution into the repository and be friendly and encouraging about it. It is what Jim would have done.

If you think a topic is missing, propose it's inclusion by [submitting an issue](https://github.com/NotMyself/rocksmith-plus-tools/issues/new) yourself. Or better yet submit the issue and an accompanying pull request with how you think the topic should be introduced. Think about beginners in your effort; be clear and informative, be concise and most of all be playful with your examples.

## Contributors

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://iamnotmyself.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/73120?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Bobby Johnson"/><br /><sub><b>Bobby Johnson</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#code-NotMyself" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#doc-NotMyself" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
